Traction Dashboards of Marketing Campaigns and Posts
Client Background
Client:A leading Marketing firm in the USA
Industry Type:Marketing
Services:Marketing consulting
Organization Size:100+
Project ObjectiveFor the LinkedIn posts that received the highest engagement, which keywords, phrases, and hashtags were most commonly used and also view the data according to Impressions and Likes?
Project Description
We are testing AWS Comprehend. I performed a key phrase analysis of our LinkedIn posts. We have an output file. Now we need your help to visualize the data so that we can interpret it.I also have the original export file from LinkedIn. I want to answer this business question:For the LinkedIn posts that received the highest engagement, which keywords, phrases, and hashtags were most commonly used?
I want to match up Engagement Rate with key phrase analysis. The business question is this: For the LinkedIn posts that received the highest engagement, what were the most common keywords, phrases and hashtags used?
Beyond matching to Engagement Rate, please check if there is a way to also view the data according to Impressions and Likes.
Our Solution
Data Driven Dashboards which will give the summary of Most used words, keywords, Phrases and also Analysis of Posts as per their interaction with their audience.
Project Deliverables
Two Dashboard Links in which
First dashboardrepresents Key Phrase analysis of the output by AWS Comprehend.
Second Dashboardrepresents the Linked In data Analysis
Tools used
Python, Google Data studio
Language/techniques used
Python
Skills used
Python and Data Studio
Databases used
MongoDB
Web Cloud Servers used
Google Data Studio
What are the technical Challenges Faced during Project Execution
One of the major problem was to match the output of AWS Comprehend data with the data of excel sheet to find out which posts received maximum interactions and make a dashboard out of it.
How the Technical Challenges were Solved
Working on the output.json file in code editor and comparing it to the Linked In data sheet to check the accuracy of the output file with each post.
Project Snapshots (Minimum 10 Pictures)
Project website Url
1 Key Phrase Analysis Dashboard
https://datastudio.google.com/reporting/efbabbff-55ba-4326-8133-78ae304aeb99
2 Linked IN Data Analysis Dashboard
https://datastudio.google.com/reporting/3525e1c1-6c4f-4613-b260-d6e975fe1652
Transforming Real Estate Investments with an Automated Stack shares Platform
Empowering Careers: The Hirekingdom
Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes
List of DevOps, MLOps, and DataOps tools, categorized based on their...
Gender diversity and Equality in the tech industry
List of Industrial Engineering AI Tools & AI Software, categorized by...
Embedding care robots into society and practice: Socio-technical considerations
How will COVID-19 affect the world of work?
Estimating the impact of COVID-19 on the world of work
What is Data Exfiltration?
AWS Lex Voice and Chatbot
