Azure Data Lake and Power BI Dashboard
Client Background
OverviewStone is a video bibliographic tool for journalists and other researchers.
It allows users to capture, annotate and share their journeys through digital and physical space, producing verifiable logs and generating monetizeable video highlight reels that can be embedded in digital and other media – showcasing key moments and telling the story behind the story.
Our mission is to address distrust and disinformation with transparency and authenticity, while simultaneously tilting the information ecosystem in favour of quality original work.
Research is valuable. Make it Visible.
Write In Stone.
Websitehttp://www.writeinstone.comCompany size2-10 employeesHeadquartersBlackheath, New South WalesFounded2017SpecialtiesResearch Transparency, Trust, Video Content, Journalism, Proof Of Work, and Bibliographic Standards
Project Objective
Project Description
Our Solution
Built a Power BI dashboard as per the requirement. Also built a separate dashboard for the metric data from Azure.
Project Deliverables
Power BI dashboard which contains indicators funnels, new indicators(Research logged, Average number of Highlights per projects, Total hours of content watched etc), visualizations  extracted from metric data.
Tools used
Language/techniques used
Skills used
Databases used
Web Cloud Servers used
What are the technical Challenges Faced during Project Execution
Difficulty in data collection.
Transforming Real Estate Investments with an Automated Stack shares Platform
Empowering Careers: The Hirekingdom
Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes
MVP for a software that analyses content from audio (Pharma-based)
WordPress Update: What’s New and Why You Should Upgrade
Mining Engineering AI Tools & AI Software categorized based on their...
Efficient Supply Chain Assessment: Overcoming Technical Hurdles for Web Application Development
Advanced Patient Data Analysis Solution for Trend Identification and Improved Healthcare...
Rise of cybercrime and its effect by the year 2040.
On-Page SEO
Data Management for a Political SaaS Application
