Google LSA Ads (Google Local Service Ads) – ETL tools and Dashboards
Client Background
Client:A leading marketing firm in the USA
Industry Type:Marketing
Services:Ads, Marketing, Campaign, Consulting
Organization Size:200+
The Problem
The client has a Google LSA Ads Manager Account with about 100+ accounts and wishes to collect data available through the Google LSA API daily. The client wishes to set up a private Databases that is automatically created for newly added accounts and stores all of the collected data (Lead and Phone Call data). Finally, all collected data must be presented through the Google Looker Studio Dashboards, with the design layouts as suggested by the client.
Our Solution
The solution involves a number of Python-based ETL tools that are responsible for fetching the data from Google’s LSA API daily and updating the same in the Google BigQuery Databases.
Two different tools run are:
The fetched data is stored in BigQuery Databases on the client-provided (Google)manager account.
Carefully curated Google Looker Studio dashboards implemented with client-suggested theme layout which are updated upon client request, represent a number of KPIs and graphs indicating major data trends.
The designed dashboards have a number of data-controlling filters that filter the data account-wise and date-wise.
Solution Architecture
Deliverables
Tools used
Language/techniques used
Skills used
Databases used
Web Cloud Servers used
Heroku: Cloud Application Platform
What are the technical Challenges Faced during Project Execution
How the Technical Challenges were Solved
Business Impact
Project Snapshots
Contact Details
Here are my contact details:
Email: ajay@blackcoffer.com
Skype: asbidyarthy
WhatsApp: +91 9717367468
Telegram: @asbidyarthy
For project discussions and daily updates, would you like to use Slack, Skype, Telegram, or Whatsapp? Please recommend, what would work best for you.
Transforming Real Estate Investments with an Automated Stack shares Platform
Empowering Careers: The Hirekingdom
Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes
Airbnb & Homeaway Pricing Recommendation
Ranking customer behaviours for business strategy
Power BI Dashboard on Operations, Transactions, and Marketing Data, embedding the...
Data integration and big data performance using Elasticsearch
Easy Access to Performance Metrics – Realtime Dashboard
Online gaming: Adolescent online gaming effects demotivated, depression, musculoskeletal, and psychosomatic...
Embedding care robots into society and practice: Socio-technical considerations
Impacts of COVID 19 on Food products
