Real Estate Data Warehouse
Client Background
Client:A leading Real Estate firm in the EU
Industry Type:Real Estate
Services:Real Estate
Organization Size:1000+
Project Objective
The objective of this project is to build a data warehouse from a website given search and filter criteria.
Project Description
The objective of this project is to collect data from a website given search and filter criteria.
Data Brief:
Filters:
Contains a list of the federal states in Germany to Crawl:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/States_of_Germany
Our Solution
We have developed a Python tool that crawls and scrapes all the apartment listings for all the states in Germany under each category namely: mieten wohnungen, kaufen wohnungen, kaufen anlageobjekte and kaufen grundstuck. The Scrapy library has been used to crawl and scrape. Beautiful soup could have also been used for the scraping purpose, but for the sake of consistency, Scrapy has been used for both purposes.
Scrapy is an application framework for crawling web sites and extracting structured data which can be used for a wide range of useful applications, like data mining, information processing or historical archival.
Even though Scrapy was originally designed forweb scraping, it can also be used to extract data using APIs (such asAmazon Associates Web Services) or as a general purpose web crawler.
Four Spiders have been created for each category to be scraped. Every spider crawls all the states in Germany and scrapes all the apartment listings for important data. Every spider creates a separate JSON file to store all its data. This data is then converted to CSV using another python script called “conversion”.
The python tool has been completely automated and only needs the “Controller” script to be run. The script also has the capability of running every two weeks automatically.
Project Deliverables
Four CSV files (one for each category):
Mieten Wohnungen.csv
Kaufen Wohnungen.csv
Kaufen Anlageobjekte.csv
Kaufen Grundstuck.csv
Language/techniques used
Skills used
Project Snapshots
Transforming Real Estate Investments with an Automated Stack shares Platform
Empowering Careers: The Hirekingdom
Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes
Mining Engineering AI Tools & AI Software categorized based on their...
Blockchain for Payments
Advanced Textual Analytics – Financial Analysis Industry
Confirmatory Path Analysis (CFA)
Coronavirus impact on energy markets
Design & develop an app in retool which shows the progress...
7up7down, 10upDown, Snakes and Ladder Games built using OOPs
Google Local Service Ads (LSA) Leads Dashboard
