Web Data Connector
Client Background
Client:A Leading Marketing Tech Firm in Australia
Industry Type:Marketing
Services:Marketing Solutions
Organization Size:50+
Project Objective
To make a software code that takes data from a source and ingests it into a database present on a server. The scripts should automatically execute after regular intervals of time.
Project Description
The client had several data sources that were updated with new data regularly. The client wanted software that triggers itself automatically and takes data from those data sources and ingests it into a database that is hosted on a Linode server. Also, the date parameters in the query should be changed dynamically using the current date. Further, we had to assist in setting up the Tableau BI tool on the client’s PC and connect the Postgres database to the tableau.
Our Solution
Project Deliverables
Tools used
Linode server
VS Code
Language/techniques used
Python
Bash
PSQL.
Skills used
Python programming
Postgres SQL
Linux scripting
Databases used
Postgres
Web Cloud Servers used
Linode
What are the technical Challenges Faced during Project Execution
How the Technical Challenges were Solved
Business Impact
This solution helps in maintaining a copy of all data sources inside our Postgres database. Also, the data is 24/7 available. Since data inside the Postgres is updated regularly, graphs in the tableau are also up to date.
Project Snapshots
Project website url
https://github.com/X360pro/Web-connector-for-tableu
Transforming Real Estate Investments with an Automated Stack shares Platform
Empowering Careers: The Hirekingdom
Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes
How prepared is India to tackle a possible COVID-19 outbreak?
Anomaly Detection and Analysis for Enhanced Data Integrity and User Experience...
Impacts of COVID 19 on Streets Sides Food Stalls
Is Perfection the Greatest enemy of Productivity?
Playstore & Appstore to Google Analytics (GA) or Firebase to Google...
How AI will help the Defense Power of a country?
AI Solutions for Foreign Exchange – An Automated Algo Trading Tool
The future of Fintech AI & blockchain.
