Healthcare Data Analysis
Client Background
Client:A leading healthcare tech firm in the USA
Industry Type:Healthcare Consulting
Services:Management consultant
Organization Size:100+
Project Objective
The main objective of this project is to find the pattern in the vital signs of patients who were admitted to the hospital in past. And from this pattern, we get some ranges that help us to give early warnings.
Project Description
We are more interested in non-survivor patients’ vital signs as compare to survivor patients. we find patterns invital signsthat could better determine that patient died (ex. if Sp02 is below 70, patient in 95% of cases died, if Sp02 is below 50%, the death rate is 99.9%) or we can take correlations which can help us to find better patterns to define death cases.
Data The dataset which was used for analysis here is taken from the mimic website. But the dataset is not in the correct format which we want, after some manipulation, we get the data ready for the analysis.
Our Solution
Approach
I can’t go with 1st option because a major part of the data has missing values. so, I decided to go with the second option and fill missing values with the average of upper and lower values. But before that, I filtered the data and take only those patients’ data who died in a hospital or survive.
Project Deliverables
Tools used
Language/techniques used
Skills used
Databases used
SQL
MongoDB
Web Cloud Servers used
Google Cloud
Project Snapshots
Project website url
https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1mo7i32BoEVb0Ac6_CWwJd7_HVbliktx0?usp=sharing
Transforming Real Estate Investments with an Automated Stack shares Platform
Empowering Careers: The Hirekingdom
Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes
XML-RPC Test Post
How machine learning used in finance and banking?
KPI Dashboard for Accountants
IOT, AI, ML for Machine Tracking
AI audio and text conversational bot using livekit
How Will AI Make Decisions In Tomorrow’s Wars?
Python Automation tool, API, Cronjob
Plaid Financial Analytics – A Data-Driven Dashboard to generate insights
