NFT Data Automation (looksrare), and ETL tool
Client Background
Client:A leading tech firm in the USA
Industry Type:IT Services
Services:Blockchain, NFT
Organization Size:10+
Project Objective
To scrape all the desired information regarding the NFTs from a website and store them in a database to be accessed later on.
Project Description
Matthew Brown – extract all events, all time from thishttps://looksrare.org/explore/activity. We can then pay you weekly to keep them up to date. You can choose any technology you like, as long as it’s updated into an SQL database. Additional tasks may be to make an alert or dashboard from data, later access API when it becomes available.
Our Solution
We provided a robust solution which returned the NFT data every 8 hours into the google big query database. To do this we used selenium web driver to scrape all events as the website was dynamic and did not have a format data structure to scrape data using AJAX POST calls. After automating the scarper the data was manipulated and constructed into a desired format into pandas dataframe, which was later used to push the dataframe into the google big query database using Google cloud api and credentials. The data was getting collected every day and about 50M distinct rows were created.
Project Deliverables
Tools used
Language/techniques used
Databases used
SQL
Google BigQuery
Web Cloud Servers used
Google BigQuery
What are the technical Challenges Faced during Project Execution
The only technical challenge faced during this project was that the website used to keep changing the elements on their webpage and used to cause error. Though it did not use to happen regularly, it happened 3 times in 5 weeks. Also AJAX calls were not proper.
How the Technical Challenges were Solved
Identifying the elements solved the issue. Also remote access to a better desktop enabled me to keep working as well as keep the code running all the time.
Business Impact
Project Snapshots
Project website url
Transforming Real Estate Investments with an Automated Stack shares Platform
Empowering Careers: The Hirekingdom
Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes
Can You Be Great Leader Without Technical Expertise
Integration of Python and Power BI, Python as an External Tool...
Advanced-Data Analytics, AI, and ML for News and Media Companies
The Future of Telehealth Services
COVID-19 Vs Indian Economy
AI tools and software for Electrical Engineering, categorized based on their...
Building a Real-Time Log File Visualization Dashboard in Kibana
Marbles Stimulation using python
