Immigration Datawarehouse & AI-based recommendations
Client Background
Client:A leading business school worldwide
Industry Type:R&D
Services:R&D, Innovation
Organization Size:100+
Project Objective
Objective of this project is to research and collect news article data sourcing from Canada, based on the keyword.
Project Description
There were 3 phases of the project.
Our Solution
We provide them with completed Phase 1 in an excel sheet and ongoing samples for Phase 2. Also work for Phase 3 has been started in between to complete the Project as soon as possible in a best way.
Project Deliverables
There is a file containing excel sheet and a word file containing a summary of the dataset and folders of text files containing samples of data from Phase 2.
Tools used
Python, PyCharm, Jupyter Notebook, Microsoft Excel, Google Chrome is used to complete different phases of this project
Language/techniques used
Python programming language is used to do Web Scraping, Automation, Data Engineering in this project.
Models used
SDLC is a process followed for a software project, within a software organization. It consists of a detailed plan describing how to develop, maintain, replace and alter or enhance specific software. The life cycle defines a methodology for improving the quality of software and the overall development process.
We are using Iterative Waterfall SDLC Model as we have to follow our development of software in phases and we also need feedback on every step of the development of our project so as to keep track of the occurring changes with every step.
Figure 1 SDLC Iterative Waterfall Model
Skills used
Data scraping, cleaning, pre-processing and creating data pipelines are used in this project.
Databases used
We used the traditional way of storing the data i.e file systems.
What are the technical Challenges Faced during Project Execution
There were a lot of challenges we faced during the project execution.
How the Technical Challenges were Solved
Below are the points used to solve the above technical challenges-
Project Snapshots
Transforming Real Estate Investments with an Automated Stack shares Platform
Empowering Careers: The Hirekingdom
Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes
Challenges and Opportunities of Big Data in Healthcare
Power BI dashboard to drive insights from complex data to generate...
Gaming Disorder and Effects of Gaming on Health.
List of Data Analytics Tools, categorized by their functionality
Data Driven Dashboards, Foundation and Application in Industry
Is telemedicine effective in treating patients?
Google Data Studio Dashboard for Marketing, ads and Traction data
Student Database Management System
