Gangala.in: E-commerce Big Data ETL / ELT Solution and Data Warehouse
Client Background
Client:A leading eCommerce firm in the USA, Columbia, India, and Latin America
Gangalapromotes local shops selling a wide variety of products at great prices. Easily find the best offers using our price comparison tool. It’s a WIN WIN for …
Industry Type:eCommerce
Services:e-commerce, retail business
Organization Size:100+
Project Title
Gangala.in: E-commerce site gathering data of different products from various sources and providing it on a single platform
Project Objective
Project Description
A platform in which users can get price data of any product from multiple sites. The client provided us with raw data. We were tasked with building a pipeline for the data, build API’s to get product data such as price and update them and make sure that all the data is available for the front end team to access.
Our Solution
We built them a pipeline to process and clean the raw data provided. We built API’s to fetch the updated data of the products. Neo4j was used as the intermediary data and mongoDB was used as our primary database. We also process the images of each product and remove any unwanted texts from it and add the client’s watermark.
Project Deliverables
A fully-updated database with up to date data on all the products and each product having atleast 3-5 prices from different sites.
Tools used
Language/techniques used
Databases used
Web Cloud Servers used
Linode cloud servers
What are the technical Challenges Faced during Project Execution
We were asked to process 3million products per day and this was a challenge as the VM’s we used were not able to handle the load.
How the Technical Challenges were Solved
We were able to overcome the challenge by using Asynchronous processing of the data thereby increasing the speed of the processing reducing the cost on the client side as well
Project website url
https://gangala.in/
Transforming Real Estate Investments with an Automated Stack shares Platform
Empowering Careers: The Hirekingdom
Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes
How robots can help in e-learning platforms?
Ad Networks Marketing Campaign Data Dashboard in Looker (Google Data Studio)
Rise of Cybercrime and its Effect by the Year 2040.
How Data Analytics can help your business respond to the impact...
IoT & AI/ML Solution for Gas Stations
7up7down, 10upDown, Snakes and Ladder Games built using OOPs
How is Login Logout Time Tracking for Employees in Office done...
Sentiment Analysis Bot for Price Prediction
