Database Normalization & Segmentation with Google Data Studio Dashboard Insights
Client Background
Client:A leading marketing firm in the USA
Industry Type:Market Research
Services:Marketing, Consultancy
Organization Size:60+
Project Objective
To combine the different datasets.
To make dashboards for each and every dataset individually.
Project Description
Phase – 1: In this project first of all we have to combine different datasets individually to make single file for each source.
Phase – 2: Make Good looking reports for each file individually.
Our Solution
We used pandas dataframe to combine different files to make single file for each source. We used Google Data Studio to make good looking and better reports with good UI.
Project Deliverables
We have provided a Google Data Studio report file as deliverable for the project.
Tools used
Python, Google Data Studio, Google Chrome
Language/techniques used
Python Programming and SQL queries editor.
Models used
SDLC model used in this project. We have used the SDLC model as analysis, design, implementation, testing and maintenance.
Skills used
Data cleaning, Data Pre-processing, Data Visualisation are used in this project.
Databases used
We have used the traditional file systems as database storage.
What are the technical Challenges Faced during Project Execution
How the Technical Challenges were Solved
I used pandas dataframe to combine different datasets and made a single file of every individual source. I used Google Data Studio to make dashboard for the project.
Project Snapshots
Project Video
Transforming Real Estate Investments with an Automated Stack shares Platform
Empowering Careers: The Hirekingdom
Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes
Mercado de San Miguel, gastronomía de calidad.
Steps to Convert a Node.js API to Python for AWS Lambda...
A Leading Musical Instrumental, Website SEO & Optimization
How will COVID-19 affect the world of work?
A Leading Firm in the USA, SEO and Website Optimization
Airbnb & Homeaway Pricing Recommendation
Data science – Create Tailored algorithms
Chemical engineering AI Tools & AI Software
