Big Data solution to an online multivendor marketplace eCommerce business
Client Background
Client:A leading eCommerce firm in the USA, Columbia, India, and Latin America
Gangalapromotes local shops selling a wide variety of products at great prices. Easily find the best offers using our price comparison tool. It’s a WIN WIN for …
Industry Type:eCommerce
Services:e-commerce, retail business
Organization Size:100+
Project Objective
To give User experience of easy and convenient Shopping by searching all the products like any medicines , Clothes , Gadgets etc in a single Website without going through all the E-Commerce Sites and make shopping easy and get the most affordable and best product.
Project Description
It’s an E-Commerce Sites that’s helps customer to compare different  products that were available on different E-Commerce Sites like Flipkart , Amazon , Netmeds etc.It’s helps the user to visit only one sites to get what they need and find the perfect product without visiting all the sites.The gives the user a great and friendly Experience in Buying any Products.It’s Also have some Unique Similar Products Recommendation Based on user search and also have a ChatBot That’s solves User Query .It’s uses Big data and Rest API that’s help the projects for regular updates and regular fetching of the new products.
Our Solution
In BlackCoffer We create the flow of the Big Data and all Backend Solution That is requires for this futuristic E-Commerce Sites.We Create Pipelines for the data of all the products and their price and url fetch from different E-Commerce Sites using Custom made APIs And perform many data cleaning, data transformation and data validation techniques to make sure the standard of data to be used by Our Sites .We also get Additional Feature from the scraped data By using Different APIs . We also create automation and custom python scripts that helps us to achieve some outstanding data related tasks.
Project Deliverables
Python script for performing ETL and Cypher Query for big data Handling.
Tools used
Language/techniques used
Models used
Skills used
Databases used
Web Cloud Servers used
What are the technical Challenges Faced during Project Execution
How the Technical Challenges were Solved
Project Snapshots
Project website url
https://gangala.in/
Transforming Real Estate Investments with an Automated Stack shares Platform
Empowering Careers: The Hirekingdom
Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes
Impact of COVID-19 (Coronavirus) on the Indian Economy
Impact of COVID-19 pandemic on Tourism & Aviation industries
Due to the COVID-19 the repercussion of the environment
Data Management Services
Google Local Service Ads (LSA) Leads Dashboard
Evaluating Logistic Regression Models
Do Ethnic differences possibly influence the risk of Multiple Sclerosis development...
Rise of Internet Demand and Its Impact on Communications and Alternatives...
