AWS Lex Voice and Chatbot
Client Background
Client:A leading tech firm in USA
Industry Type:IT
Services:eCommerce
Organization Size:40+
Project Objective
Create a Voice and chatbot using AWS lex which can book flights, hotels, cars and book some fun activities in a city.
Project Description
We need to create a voice and chatbot using AWS lex and lambda function. The bot should book a flight, a hotel, and a car by asking some relevant questions to the user like destination, origin, date, etc. We also need to create a combination of all these which can plan the whole trip, flight, hotel, car and book some fun activities.
Our Solution
We have created aws lex intents and lambda functions for all bookings. Intents manage front ends like utterances (user can ask to the bot) and slots (bot replies with relevant questions). Lambda functions manage backend parts like which intent should be triggered if the user says “ book a flight” or “book a hotel” or “book a car”. For search results we have used some external APIs like Amadeus for flight, sabre for hotels and blablacar for car booking.  We have modified search results by using Data Analytics (for getting the cheapest and good star flight and hotel), Machine learning (for getting user’s preferences by analyzing user’s history) and NLP (Differentiate search results by text analysis) techniques so users can get the best search results.
Project Deliverables
An aws lex voice and chatbot which can book flight, hotel, car and fun activities. This can be integrated with IOS applications.
Tools used
AWS Lex, AWS Lambda, AWS Cognito, AWS EC2, Google colab, VS code, FAST API, Uvicorn.
Language/techniques used
python, machine learning, data analytics, NLP.
Models used
TfIdf-Vectorizer and cosine similarity
Skills used
Data Analytics, Machine learning, NLP, Python, AWS, REST APIs.
Databases used
MySQL
Web Cloud Servers used
AWS
What are the technical Challenges Faced during Project Execution
How the Technical Challenges were Solved
Project Snapshots
Project Video
Transforming Real Estate Investments with an Automated Stack shares Platform
Empowering Careers: The Hirekingdom
Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes
How big data and analytics is shaping tomorrow for marketing leaders?
Advanced Patient Data Analysis Solution for Trend Identification and Improved Healthcare...
Coronavirus: Impact on the Hospitality Industry
Algorithmic trading for multiple commodities markets, like Forex, Metals, Energy, etc.
Predictive Modelling, AI, ML Dashboards in Power BI
Realtime Kibana Dashboard for a financial tech firm
Structural Equation Modeling (SEM)
Cloud-Based Data Modeling and Analysis Platform with Drag-and-Drop Interface and OpenAI...
