Data from CRM via Zapier to Google Sheets (Dynamic) to PowerBI
Client Background
Client:A leading solar panel firm in the USA
Industry Type:Energy
Services:Solar Panel
Organization Size:500+
The Problem
Solar Panel organization from America wants to keep track of sales data. They want to see the leadership dashboard of their organization in terms of sales. They also want to keep track of their campaigns and leads generated from sources of those campaigns. They want to keep track of sales data from different sources.
Our Solution
First, we fetch the data from CRM to PowerBI. Clean the data of CRM using DAX and then perform calculations on the data. Using cleaned data, we build KPI on PowerBI.
Solution Architecture
To complete the project, we follow the following data flow pipeline:
Data from CRM 🡪 Zapier 🡪 Google Sheet (Dynamic) 🡪PowerBI
Language/techniques used
PowerBI, DAX Language
Skills used
CRM, Zapier , PowerBI, Google Sheet
What are the technical Challenges Faced during Project Execution
Challenges Faced during the Project Execution :
How the Technical Challenges were Solved
Solution:
Business Impact
Using this Dashboard client can make important decisions like from which campaign they are getting a greater number of leads and out of those leads how many are actually a Sale. They can keep track of their sales leadership of employee of the month in term of sales.
Project Snapshots
CRM
Zapier
Dashboard
Project Video
Contact Details
Here are my contact details:
Email: ajay@blackcoffer.com
Skype: asbidyarthy
WhatsApp: +91 9717367468
Telegram: @asbidyarthy
For project discussions and daily updates, would you like to use Slack, Skype, Telegram, or Whatsapp? Please recommend, what would work best for you.
Transforming Real Estate Investments with an Automated Stack shares Platform
Empowering Careers: The Hirekingdom
Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes
Challenges and Opportunities of Big Data in Healthcare
Recommendation System Architecture
Big Data Integration & Infrastructure Solution
The Emergence of Data Analytics
Off-Page SEO
OCR (Optical Character Recognition)
Rise of cybercrime and its effect by the year 2040.
PowerBI REST API – Fetching Dataflow and Refresh Schedules with semantic...
