QuickBooks dashboard to find patterns in finance, sales, and forecasts
Client Background
Client:A leading marketing firm in the USA
Industry Type:Marketing
Services:e-commerce, retail business, marketing
Organization Size:100+
Project Objective
Build a fully Integrated BI Platform in PowerBI using native connectors and APIs(QuickBooks and Airtable) to pull real time data from many sources.
Project Description
For building a fully integrated BI Platform , the data has to come from the following sources to feed it to PowerBI –
·QuickBooks :An accounting software that accepts real-time business payments ,  manage and pay bills, manage organisation’s deposits/expenses , customers ,and payroll functions. The following data/tables has to be fetched from Quickbooks –
o   Customer
o   Invoices
o   Product & Services
o   Payments
o   Expenses
o   Deposits
o   Accounts
o   Vendors
o   Departments
o   Classes
·Airtable :An online database hybrid platform for creating and sharing relational databases with friendly user interfaces. The following databases with multiple data table has to be fetched from Airtable –
o   Marketing Data Analytics Base (Google Ads , Facebook Ads)
o   Payroll Tracking (Payroll , Hours Log)
This Quickbook and Airtable real time data has to go to the powerBI service (https://app.powerbi.com). Then create useful visualisation and dashboards based on plan and feedback from the executive team. All visuals in dashboards should automatically update without any intervention to make it fully integrated.
Our Solution
Collecting data tables from data sources :
After getting these raw data tables , pipeline converts it into DataFrame , then writes/updates it into Airtable.
The Pipeline is deployed in a server that runs every night , it fetches the data from QuickBooks API and writes/updates to Airtable.
Scheduled Refresh :To refresh visualization/dashboard (If incoming data from Airtable API has updated) , set refresh time in powerBI service.
Project Deliverables
Below are the services that we provided to client after completion of this project –
Tools used
PowerBI
Language/techniques used
Skills used
What are the technical Challenges Faced during Project Execution?
How the Technical Challenges were Solved
This is how we get all the data of any size from Airtable bases.
Project Snapshots
Project Video
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iemcyRtWPNU&ab_channel=Blackcoffer
Transforming Real Estate Investments with an Automated Stack shares Platform
Empowering Careers: The Hirekingdom
Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes
Data integration and big data performance using Elasticsearch
How machine learning used in finance and banking?
Impacts of COVID 19 on Food products
An outlook of healthcare by the year 2040, and how it...
Building an Analytics Dashboard with a PDF Parsing Pipeline for Data...
Will technology eliminate the need for animal testing in drug development?
Supplier Insights and Decision Supports for the eCommerce Outlets
Recommendation System Architecture
