Making a robust way to sync data from airtables to mongoDB using python – ETL Solution
Client Background
Client:A leading tech firm in the USA
Industry Type:IT Services
Services:SAAS services, Marketing services, Business consultant
Organization Size:100+
Project Description
Equilo is a social impact start-up focused on gender equality and social inclusion. We need to link data in Airtable (1 million+ records spread across 20+ bases) to MongoDB (v3.x.x).Most of the data is backend data for our app, in which case the flow is only AT to MDB.Need to create a code that can calculate a scores by pulling from indicators in many different bases and putting result in new database.
Our Solution
Used Python and MongoDB module along with Airtable API to fetch all the data from airtables and push them to the database. Stayed in touch with the client through slack and asana completing daily tasks and applying a cronjob for the program to run on a scheduled time.
Project Deliverables
Python code for sync into their staging server and then to production.
Tools used
Language/techniques used
Skills used
Databases used
Web Cloud Servers used
Airtable
What are the technical Challenges Faced during Project Execution
Main challenge faced was regarding the new concept of Airtables and syncing up the data into mongodb in a very complex schema as proposed by the client. Dissimilar columns in mongoDB and Airtables for 100s of tables took lot of time.
Also insufficient information provided by client while coding and the previous versions codes that had been written only to discover them on a later stage caused a lot of problem.
Not proper code management which could help next coders like me to complete the remaining stuff quickly.
How the Technical Challenges were Solved
These issues were solved by lot of self study and evaluation and then asking the exact question to client which they would then answer. For eg: whereabouts of the previous codes and people who run that code.
Business Impact
Project Snapshots
Project website url
Transforming Real Estate Investments with an Automated Stack shares Platform
Empowering Careers: The Hirekingdom
Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes
AI in healthcare to Improve Patient Outcomes
Enhancing Model Accuracy from 58% to Over 90%: Strategies for Improving...
Text Summarizing Tool to scrape and summarize pubmed medical papers
Lessons from the past: Some key learnings relevant to the coronavirus...
The future of Investing
Central School System Logistics Optimization
AI audio and text conversational bot using livekit
QuickBooks dashboard to find patterns in finance, sales, and forecasts
