Electric Vehicles (EV) Load Management System to Forecast Energy Demand
Client Background
Client:A leading energy consulting firm in the USA
Industry Type:Energy
Services:Energy solutions, Consultancy
Organization Size:100+
Project Objective
Create a Machine learning solution to manage electricity for electric vehicles.
Main Tasks:
Project Description
We need to calculate the date and time probability that the user will plugin his vehicle today based on his plugin date and plugin time history. We also need to decrease time probability based on the user’s past time range.
Our Solution
We converted the user’s plugin data into binary values like 0 if the user hasn’t plugged-in his vehicle on that day and 1 if he plugged-in. We identified the driven distance based on the amount of charge used between two plug-in times. Then we trained the Ridge Regression ML model for identifying each day driven kilometer. From these kilometres we have identified the probability that user’s will plug-in today and it will increase day by day till the user does not plug-in his vehicle.
For time probability we have used Probability Distribution Function (PDF) and Cumulative Distribution Function  (CDF). These functions will decrease probability according to the user’s time range.
Project Deliverables
2 python scripts to:
Tools used
Google Colab, VS Code, Google Drive, and MS Excel.
Language/techniques used
Python programming language, Data Analytics with numpy and pandas, Data Visualization with matplotlib, Statistics and Mathematics, Machine learning with SKlearn.
Models used
Ridge Regression Model
Skills used
Data Analytics, Data Visualization, Machine learning, Python, Statistics
Databases used
local data from MS Excel Sheet
What are the technical Challenges Faced during Project Execution
There are a lot of challenges faced during project execution
How the Technical Challenges were Solved
Project Snapshots
Transforming Real Estate Investments with an Automated Stack shares Platform
Empowering Careers: The Hirekingdom
Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes
Website Tracking and Insights using Google Analytics, & Google Tag Manager
Rise of Internet Demand and its Impact on Communications and Alternatives...
Why does your business need a chatbot?
Google Data Studio Dashboard for Marketing, ads and Traction data
Equity Waterfalls Model-Based SaaS Application for Real Estate Sector
An ETL tool to pull data from Shiphero to Google Bigquery...
Data Harmonization, ETL, Data Cleansing, & Classifications
Risk Factors and Predicting Intraoperative, and Postoperative Blood Transfusion
