Auvik, Connectwise integration in Grafana
Client Background
Client:A Leading Tech Firm in the USA
Industry Type:IT & Consulting
Services:Software, Business Solutions, Consulting
Organization Size:200+
Project Objective
Get statistics such as uptime,  availability, cpu throughput etc. from Auvik and Connectwise and make a dashboard from it in Grafana.
Project Description
Unlike many technologies for which plugins are readily available in Grafana, there are none for auvik and Connectwise. So our task was to device a solution through which all the data from Auvik and Connectwise can be fed to Grafana. This data then would be used to plot graphs in Grafana.
Our Solution
Project Deliverables
Tools used
Grafana
Postgres
Vs Code
AWS
Postman
Language/techniques used
Python
bash
Skills used
Python
networking
Data visualisation
Databases used
Postgres
Web Cloud Servers used
Amazon Web Services (AWS)
What are the technical Challenges Faced during Project Execution
Since, the data received from Auvik was in Json fromat, our first approach was to use Grafana’s built-in Json plugin. But this wasn’t working since, the data received from Auvik was multi-dimensional when the Json plugin required One dimensional data.
How the Technical Challenges were Solved
The above challenge was addressed by transforming the multi- dimensional data into one dimensional when it was store in a python variable. This transformed data was then inserted into Postgres.
Project Snapshots
Project website url
https://github.com/AjayBidyarthy/Henry-Pardo
Project Video
Transforming Real Estate Investments with an Automated Stack shares Platform
Empowering Careers: The Hirekingdom
Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes
How the COVID-19 crisis is redefining jobs and services?
Data Management Services
Google Data Studio Dashboard for Marketing, ads and Traction data
Transforming and Managing a Large-Scale SQL Pedigree Database to Neo4j Graph...
Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure,...
Lessons from the past: Some key learnings relevant to the coronavirus...
How will COVID-19 affect the world of work?
Understanding the Millennial Market
